Chore: Minor improvements in docs (#1)
tr1ten/IndianBoardGames: README.md

## Games Available

1. Bollywood

> This is similar to antakshri where you have to guess movie name given some known characters.

2. Tic Tac Toe
3. Soduko Solver ( technically not a game but still i add this here )

> > it is basicly a 9*9 matrix board game

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> it is basically a 9x9 matrix board game
```

>rule 1: there should be no matching number in the row
>rule 2: there should be no matching number in the column

> >rule 3: there should be no matching number in the cell of 3*3 matrix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>rule 3: there should be no matching number in the cell of 3x3 matrix
```
